# Writing Practice 1

Today I **realized** I need to practice my writing skills to improve my English level after I **watched** the video  about how to learn English **on** YouTube. Let's get started **with** recording my daily life.



Today is Jun 13, 2024. The weather is really hot, temperature up to 32 degrees Celsius. Fortunately my workspace is keeping cool feeling, thanks to air conditioning, which give me a second life, I can't live without it.

Back to today's morning, I got up at 7:00 A.M. I **then** started to make breakfast, I **steamed** 2 eggs, one for me, another for my mom. Besides, I also steamed 3 “Zongzi", which is a traditional Chinese snacks  honoring "Quyuan". I tried to search for the English name of "Zongzi", but I only got a statement of "Zongzi", it says "Zongzi" is known as "sticky rice dumplings". I thought if using this phrase to describe a snack, it's too long. Wait, let's back to breakfast. How about the beverage in the morning ? I **drank** one yogurt, and a cup of water, that's all my breakfast. 



I also wanted to mention my son's breakfast. He is used to drinking some milk in every morning and he ate  something else seldom. Maybe most of kids like drinking milk than other food. 



Next, I had to go work. Every workday, I need to take subway to go the company, I need to transfer metro twice. firstly at Line8 to Line9, second at Line9 to Line 1. the distance between my company and home is about 20 km, it nearly spent about 1 hour to arrive at workplace. I left for company when 9 A.M, so I arrived at company is about 10 A.M.

Besides taking subway, I can also drive to company, it almost spent about 1 hour in the morning rush hour, but spent only about 30 minutes ~~at~~ **in** evening rush hour, maybe I think it can'be called evening rush hour when I get off work. because I get off work at 7 P.M. At the moment, almost people has already gotten off. So I can spent less time back home.



