# Writing Practice 2

Today is slightly hotter than yesterday, and I take metro to commute either as normal.

On yesterday, I started learning new English class, I then found the class was much harder than before. This APP show me a video  from TED. the speaker's speed was so fast that I cannot catch what he was saying. So I had to carefully watch it again and again. Eventullay I complete understood the meaning of this video, this vide was telling about why some video went viral, it's about 3 factor: tastemakers, community participation and unexpectedness. 



it showed me 3 examples to explain these factors influence popularity. First example showed a short video only display a view about double rainbow, nothing more. But it still was liked by million people,  the key factor that it became popular is that one of tastemakers tweet this video, then people was attracted to watch it.



Second example showed a video that consist of one loop animation and one loop audio. It seemed rediculous, but so many made some parodies and uploaded to TikTok. It is called community participation, because people can feel they deeply invovled in this scene.

The last example seemed the most normal. It is about a man was riding bike on road, but all of sudden, he crashed a trash bin and fall off. The unexpectedness is the key factor that makes it popularity.

Above all is what I learned from the class. Now I have to finish my work. 



Now time is 5:00 P.M. I have almost finished my today’s work. So I decide to continue record something. This afternoon, I wrote week report and wrote some code of development requirement. Next week, I am going to finish these code. 

Tomorrow is Saturday, how nice~! I am dying to relax with family.



