# Writing Practice 3

Today is Saturday, and the temperature is really high, **reaching** up to 34 degrees Celsius. **Since** I stayed very late last night, I've been feeling sleepy. 

I do not to need work today, so I can ~~play~~  ***spend time playing*** with my kid. He said he wanted to go to the playground. so I plan to  take  him there.

~~Today's lunch~~ ***For lucnch today*** my wife cooked fish for us, it was ~~a little milder~~ ***mildly spicy and very tasty*** , ~~but it is very tasty except slightly salty~~ ***although slightly salty.*** ~~But at lunch time~~ ***However, during lunchtime***, my ~~kid~~ ***son*** was a  ~~little~~ bit naugty. He didn't want to eat and said he wanted to watch ***cartoons*** ~~TV~~. ~~I showed him a the TV programme "Pup Patrol" for 20 minutes~~.

***I let him watch "Pup Patrol" for 20 minutes.***



After lunch, I made some ~~tea that is~~ Oolong Tea from Chinese Taiwan. The tea was slightly baked,  ~~so the flavor and texture of tea water is unique~~ ***giving it a unique flavor and texture***.  The tea's color was liked gold, so it's  also called "Golden Oolong Tea".  In short, the tea ~~is really awesome!~~ ***was amazing***!



Now I'm writing English diary to practice my English skills, ***Next, *** I will practice my Listening and Speaking skills by listening TED ~~speech~~ ***talks***. Hopefully ~~after a long time~~ with long-term practice, I can achieve the goal ~~I can~~ ***of finding*** a remote job ~~from foreign country.~~ with an international company.



